alternative
art punk
alternative rock
britpunk
college rock
crossover thrash
crust punk
emotional hardcore
experimental rock
folk punk
goth
gothic rock
grunge
hardcore punk
hard rock
indie rock
lo fi
musique concrete
new wave
progressive rock
punk
shoegaze
steampunk
anime
blues
acoustic blues
african blues
blues rock
blues shouter
british blues
canadian blues
chicago blues
classic blues
classic female blues
contemporary blues
contemporary r&b
country blues
delta blues
detroit blues
electric blues
folk blues
gospel blues
harmonica blues
hill country blues
hokum blues
jazz blues
jump blues
kansas city blues
louisiana blues
memphis blues
modern blues
new orlean blues
ny blues
piano blues
piedmont blues
punk blues
ragtime blues
rhythm blues
soul blues
st. louis blues
soul blues
swamp blues
texas blues
urban blues
vandeville
west coast blues
zydeco
children’s music
lullabies
sing along
stories
classical
avant garde
ballet
baroque
cantata
chamber music
string quartet
chant
choral
classical crossover
concerto
concerto grosso
contemporary classical
early music
expressionist
high classical
impressionist
mass requiem
medieval
minimalism
modern composition
modern classical
opera
oratorio
orchestral
organum
renaissance
romantic
romantic
sonata
symphonic
symphony
wedding music
comedy
novelty
parody music
stand up comedy
vaudeville
commercial
jingles
tv themes
country
alternative country
americana
australian country
bakersfield sound
bluegrass
progressive bluegrass
reactionary bluegrass
blues country
cajun fiddle tunes
christian country
classic country
close harmony
contemporary bluegrass
contemporary country
country gospel
country pop
country rap
country rock
country soul
cowboy
western
cowpunk
dansband
honky tonk
franco country
gulf and western
hellbilly music
honky tonk
instrumental country
lubbock sound
nashville sound
neotraditional country
outlaw country
progressive
psychobilly
punkabilly
red dirt
sertanejo
texas county
traditional bluegrass
traditional country
truck driving country
urban cowboy
western swing
zydeco
dance
club
club dance
breakcore
breakbeat
breakstep
4 beat
acid breaks
baltimore club
big beat
breakbeat hardcore
broken beat
florida breaks
nu skool breaks
brostep
chillstep
deep house
dubstep
electro house
electroswing
exercise
future garage
garage
glitch hop
glitch pop
grime
hardcore
bouncy house
bouncy techno
breakcore
digital hardcore
doomcore
dubstyle
gabber
happy hardcore
hardstyle
jumpstyle
makina
speedcore
terrorcore
uk hardcore
hard dance
hi nrg
eurodance
horrorcore
house
acid house
chicago house
deep house
diva house
dutch house
electro house
freestyle house
french house
funky house
ghetto house
hardbag
hip house
italo house
latin house
minimal house
progressive house
rave music
swing house
tech housetribal house
uk hard house
us garage
vocal house
jackin house
jungle
drum’n’bass
liquid dub
regstep
speedcore
techno
acid techno
detroit techno
free tekno
ghettotech
minimal
nortec
schranz
techno dnb
technopop
tecno brega
toytown techno
trance
acid trance
classic trance
dream trance
goa trance
dark psytrance
full on
psybreaks
psyprog
suomisaundi
hard trance
tech trance
uplifting trance
orchestral uplifting
vocal trance
trap
disney
easy listening
background
bop
elevator
furniture
lounge
middle of the road
swing
electronic
2 step
8bit
ambient
ambient dub
ambient house
ambient techno
dark ambient
drone music
illbient
isolationism
lowercase
asian underground
bassline
chillwave
chiptune
bitpop
game boy
nintendocore
video game music
yorkshire bleeps and bass
crunk
downtempo
acid jazz
balearic beat
chill out
dub music
dubtronica
ethnic electronica
moombahton
nu jazz
trip hop
drum & bass
darkcore
darkstep
drumfunk
drumstep
hardstep
intelligent drum and bass
jump up
liquid funk
neurofunk
oldschool jungle
darkside jungle
ragga jungle
raggacore
sambass
techstep
electro
crunk
electro backbeat
electro grime
electropop
electro swing
electroacoustic
acousmatic music
computer music
electroacoustic improvisation
field recording
live coding
live electronics
soundscape composition
tape music
electronica
berlin school
chillwave
electronic art music
electronic dance music
folktronica
freestyle music
glitch
idm
laptronica
skweee
sound art
synthcore
electronic rock
alternative dance
baggy
madchester
dance punk
dance rock
dark wave
electroclash
electronicore
electropunk
ethereal wave
indietronica
new rave
space rock
synthpop
synthpunk
eurodance
bubblegum dance
italo dance
turbofolk
hardstyle
hi nrg
eurobeat
hard nrg
new beat
idm
experimental
industrial
trip hop
uk garage
2 step
bassline
grime
speed garage
enka
french pop
folk music
american folk revival
anti folk
british folk revival
contemporary folk
filk music
freak folk
indie folk
industrial folk
neofolk
progressive folk
psychedelic folk
sung poetry
techno folk
german folk
german pop
fitness & workout
hip hop
rap
alternative rap
avant garde
bounce
chap hop
christian hip hop
conscious hip hop
country rap
crunkcore
cumbia rap
dirty south
east coast
brick city club
hardcore hip hop
mafioso rap
new jersey hip hop
freestyle rap
g funk
gangsta rap
golden age
hardcore rap
hip hop
hip pop
hyphy
industrial hip hop
instrumental hip hop
jazz rap
latin rap
low bap
lyrical hip hop
merenrap
midwest hip hop
chicago hip hop
detroit hip hop
horrorcore
st. louis hip hop
twin cities hip hop
motswako
nerdcore
new jack swing
new school hip hop
old school rap
rap
turntablism
underground rap
west coast rap
holiday
chanukah
christmas
easter
halloween
holiday: other
thanksgiving
indie pop
industrial
aggrotech
coldwave
cybergrind
dark electro
death industrial
electro industrial
electronic body music
futurepop
industrial metal
industrial rock
noise
japanoise
power electronics
power noise
witch house
inspirational
ccm
christian metal
christian pop
christian rap
christian rock
classic christian
contemporary gospel
gospel
christian & gospel
praise & worship
qawwali
southern gospel
traditional gospel
instrumental
march
j pop
j rock
j synth
j ska
j punk
jazz
acid jazz
avant garde jazz
bebop
big band
blue note
contemporary jazz
cool
crossover jazz
dixieland
ethio jazz
fusion
gypsy jazz
hard bop
latin jazz
mainstream jazz
ragtime
smooth jazz
trad jazz
k pop
karaoke
kayokyoku
latin
alternativo & rock latino
argentine tango
bachata
baithak gana
baladas y boleros
bolero
bossa nova
brazilian
bossa nova
brazilian rock
brega
choro
frevo
funk carioca
lambada
maracatu
pagode
samba
samba rock
tecnobrega
tropicalia
zouk lambada
chicha
criolla
contemporary latin
cumbia
flamenco
spanish flamenco
huayno
latin jazz
mariachi
nuevo flamenco
pop latino
portuguese fado
punta
punta rock
ranchera
raison
reggaeton y hip hop
regional mexicano
salsa y tropical
soca
son
tejano
timba
twoubadou
zouk
new age
environmental
healing
meditation
nature
relaxation
travel
opera
pop
adult contemporary
arab pop
baroque
britpop
bubblegum pop
chamber pop
chanson
christian pop
classical crossover
europop
austropop
balkan pop
french pop
latin pop
nederpop
russian pop
dance pop
dream pop
electro pop
iranian pop
jangle pop
latin ballad
levenslied
louisiana swamp pop
mexican pop
motorpop
new romanticism
orchestral pop
pop rap
popera
pop
rock
pop punk
power pop
psychedelic pop
schlager
soft rock
sophisti pop
space age pop
sunshine pop
surf pop
synthpop
teen pop
traditional pop music
turkish pop
vispop
wonky pop
post disco
boogie
dance pop
progressive
progressive house
trance
disco house
dream house
space house
progressive breaks
progressive drum & bass
progressive techno
r&b
soul
contemporary r&b
disco
doo wop
funk
modern soul
motown
neo soul
northern soul
psychedelic soul
quiet storm
soul
soul blues
southern soul
reggae
2 tone
dancehall
dub
roots reggae
reggae fusion
reggae en espanol
spanish reggae
romantic flow
lovers rock
raggamuffin
ragga
dancehall
ska
2 tone
dub
rocksteady
rock
acid rock
adult oriented rock
afro punk
adult alternative
alternative rock
american traditional rock
anatolian rock
arena rock
art rock
blues rock
british invasion
cock rock
death metal
black metal
doom metal
glam rock
gothic metal
grind core
hair metal
hard rock
math metal
math rock
metal
metal core
noise rock
jam bands
post punk
prog rock
art rock
progressive metal
psychedelic
rock & roll
rockabilly
roots rock
singer
songwriter
southern rock
spazzcore
stoner metal
surf
technical death metal
tex mex
thrash metal
time lord rock
trip hop
singer
songwriter
alternative folk
contemporary folk
contemporary singer
songwriter
indie folk
folk rock
love song
new acoustic
traditional folk
soundtrack
foreign cinema
movie soundtrack
musicals
original score
soundtrack
tv soundtrack
spoken word
tex mex
tejano
chicano
classic
conjunto
conjunto progressive
new mex
tex mex
vocal
a cappella
barbershop
cantique
doo wop
gregorian chant
standards
traditional pop
vocal jazz
vocal pop
world
africa
african heavy metal
african hip hop
afro beat
afro pop
apala
benga
bikutsi
bongo flava
cape jazz
chimurenga
coupe decale
fuji music
genge
highlife
hiplife
isicathamiya
jit
juju
kapuka
kizomba
kuduro
kwaito
kwela
makossa
maloya
marrabenta
mbalax
mbaqanga
mbube
morna
museve
palm wine
rai
sakara
sega
seggae
semba
soukous
taarab
zouglou
asia
anison
c pop
cantopop
enka
hong kong english pop
fann at tanbura
fijiri
j pop
japanese pop
k pop
khaliji
kayokyoku
korean pop
liwa
mandopop
onkyokei
taiwanese pop
sawt
australia
cajun
calypso
caribbean
chutney
chutney soca
compas
mambo
merengue
meringue
carnatic
celtic
celtic folk
contemporary celtic
coupe decale
dangdut
drinking songs
drone
europe
france
hawaii
japan
klezmer
mbalax
middle east
north america
ode
piphat
polka
soca
south africa
south america
south
southeast asia
baila
bhangra
bhojpuri
dangdut
filmi
indian pop
hindustani
indian ghazal
lavani
luk thung
luk krung
manila sound
morlam
pinoy pop
pop sunda
ragini
thai pop
traditional celtic
worldbeat
zydeco
rnb
rock n roll
